updated end user experience section (#5299)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/retention-policies.md

2. In the list of retention policies, select the check box next to the retention policy you want to delete.
3. Select **Delete policy**.

### End user experience

> For private chats (1:1 chats) or group chats, the end users will see that chats older than the retenion policy configuration are deleted and a control message is shown on top of yet undeleted messages- "We've deleted older messaged due to your org's retention policy"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For private chats (1:1 chats) or group chats, the end users will see that chats older than the retention policy configuration are deleted and a control message—"We've deleted older messaged due to your org's retention policy"—is shown on top of yet undeleted messages.
```

<insert screenshot for chat retention>
  < Insert screenshot for group chat retention>

> For Channel messages, the end users (channel members) will see the deleted messages disappear from view after messages expire. If the deleted message was a parent message of a threaded conversation, then, in place of parent message, a message saying "This message has been deleted because of a Retention Policy" will be shown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Channel messages, the end users (channel members) will see the deleted messages disappear from view after messages expire. If the deleted message was a parent message of a threaded conversation, then, in place of parent message, a message stating "This message has been deleted because of a Retention Policy" will be displayed.
```

<Insert screenshot for Channel retention>

> [!NOTE]

> > The end user messaging is not user or admin modifyable at this time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> End user messaging is not user or admin modifiable at this time.
```
